Poke Circuit
This is an open source Reality Game.
Developed by Brandon Khan of After Earth Arcade.


PC is a 2 or more Player Reality game where players use a pokemon game to race

Each player will use the same version of pokemon. Note that this is devised for games that extend from the RGB line of pokemon. 

Poke circuit is a reality game framework that consists of cups. feel free to implement and come up with your own!

a cup defines a finish line, rules, and fate table.
fate table implants strikes that force actions after 3 are earned.
If a player reaches 3 strikes they must complete that action before doing anything else. 
If they are in a battle and the strike can be performed in battle they must.
fate table implements tokens that restrict actions.                                                                                                   
if a token is active that action can only be taken if a token is used.
fate table defines the number of starting tokens as well as the faces of the fate die.
Each face represents a fate rule. do the thing the fate rule says before continuing the race. 
If you are currently in a battle the battle must be finished before you resolve the fate, 
If the finish line is reached before the player can resolve a fate. then null any effects of that fate.
This also applies to strikes or any other mechanics that would restrict the player from completing a battle.

Cups -
:Basic
Finish line - The first player to enter into the hall of fame
Rules - Themed Nickname, Rivals, Fated Rest, Fated Capture, Reaper, Progression
Fate Table - Basic

Rules -
:Themed Nickname -players must nickname their pokemon. 
	The pokemon must have nicknames that carry some unifying theme.
	The theme is announced before the race starts.
:Rivals- players must name the river after one of the other players in the race.
	when you defeat your rival during the game that player must proceed to the last pokemon center you visited.
	you must also proceed to the last pokemon center you viste.
	When both players arrive they must battle.
	Other cup rules do not apply when battling.
	The winner receives a rivell token. rivle tokens act as any token.
:Fated Rest - when you use a pokecenter roll the fate die
:Fated Captuer - when you use a pokecenter roll the fate die
:Reaper- when you pokemon faints you have to release it. revives are not usable with this rule active.
:Progression - when you beat a gym roll a d6 gain implements tokens of rolled number. allocate how you like.


Strikes -
:Release - Release a pkm of your choice.
:Freeze - Put the controller down for 1 min. You can't play the game at all until the time limit is over.
:Push-Up - Do 5 push ups before you keep playing
:Reset - power off your console then power it back on

Tokens - 
:PokeCenter - Restricts use of pokemon centers
:Capture - Restricts use of capturing pokemon
:Phoenix Down - If you must release a pokemon you may exchange this token instead. Use a revive on this pkm.

Fate Table - 
:Basic 
::Implemented Tokens - PokeCenter(9), Capture(6), Phoenix Down(3) 
::Implemented Strikes - Release, Freeze, Push-Up
::Implemented Fate Die - Basic

Fate Dice -
:Basic

10 faces use any 1-10 randomizer

1 - KYS, Crit 
2 - CatchEm
3 - SmellYaLater
4 - Rez
5 - Ice Beam
6 - Strength
7 - Cure
8 - Helping Hand
9 - Divination
10 - Free Ride, Crit 

Fate Rules -
:Free Ride - gain 1 token of your choice.
:CatchEm - gain 1 token Capture token
:SmellYaLater - chose a player to gain a Release strike.
:Rez - gain 1 Phoenix Down token.
:Ice Beam - chose a player to gain a Freeze strike. 
:Strength - chose a player to gain a PushUp strike. 
:KYS - gain 1 implemented strike of your choice. chose a player to gain a reset strike.
:Cure - gain 1 PokeCenter token
:Helping Hand - choose a player other than yourself to gain a Capture token.
:Divination - choose a player other than yourself to roll the fate die.
:Crit- ReRoll fate die
